 none to bring! Shall I tell him that Bedouins drove me away, and when I returned there were no dates? And he will answer, "You had slaves, did they not fight with the Bedouins?" It is the truth that will be best, and that will I tell him.' Then he went straight to his father, and found him sitting in his verandah with his five sons round him; and the lad bowed his head. 'Give me the news from the garden,' said the sultan. And the youth answered, 'The dates have all been eaten by some bird: there is not one left.' Then he went straight to his father, and found him sitting in his verandah with his five sons round him; and the lad bowed his head. 'Give me the news from the garden,' said the sultan. And the youth answered, 'The dates have all been eaten by some bird: there is not one left.'
In my palm is a clear stone, and inside it is a small ivory statuette. A guardian angel. "Figured if you're going to be out at night getting hit by cars, you might as well have some backup." I look at him, feeling stunned. Like this is some sort of sign. But as I stare at Harlin, his mouth curved in a confident grin, I don't care about signs
Give me a minute to change and I'll meet you at the docks." She'd forced those words through her teeth. "No need to change. We won't be that long." Shane gripped her arm and started leading her to the dock. "I can make it there on my own, Shane
"Only one source I know of that would be likely to cough up enough money to finance a phony sleep research facility and pay people big bucks to solve crimes in their dreams," Farrell concluded dryly. "What can I say?" Ellis unfolded his arms and widened his hands. "Your tax dollars at work." Before Farrell could respond, Leila's voice rose from inside the house. "No insurance?" she wailed. "What do you mean you don't have any insurance
Helen's heart broke a little in the face of Miss Mabel's selfless courage. She thought that because she was old, her life was of less value than the others'. For all Helen knew, Miss Mabel had a lot more years to live than she did. "Not going to happen," replied Helen
Preston had been the last person to wear those chains, and I knew what I'd see and feel if they were slipped onto my skin-the Reaper's unending hatred of me. I'd felt enough of that emotion already in the amphitheater. I didn't want to feel anymore. "Don't put those on me," I whispered. "Please." Sergei looked at me, surprised by my low, raspy please, but he put down the chains
She knew that Basha was a decent young man, that he was pretty sweet and friendly with her. Jawen knew they had a bit of a history, but she thought that this time she would get along better with him, that she could overlook those problems. They kissed, and she knew that she liked Basha, but then Hastin interfered. She was so angry that she immediately said, once they were out of earshot of Basha, “You don’t mean anything to me anymore, Hastin
He heard Rhinna speak “The Queen wants you in her carriage.” Tom spoke “No, I’m not going in some asylum.” Ran was seen standing next to him spoke “It’s just for a private talk with you that’s all.” Tom groaned and went inside the carriage to sit down next to the Queen
There was no way he would come here on his own. He ordered a cup of coffee, and then we just sat in silence. “So,” Aidan finally said, “How’s it going?” I laughed. “Not much has changed since the last time I saw you.” “Ya know, you eat here a lot,” said Aidan
“Why?” “I would have thought you’d find him rather dry,” she said. “I don’t know about that,” said Gabriel. “He was a great craftsman,” said Heather. “That he was,” said Flannery. “And Polish, to boot,” said Gabriel
Both its sun-speckled shade and the cool grass beneath were a welcome respite after the stifling kitchen, and I was glad to relax against the tree’s rough, brittle bark and begin my breakfast of buttery, toasted bread and fresh fruit. Even the water was tasty, it was so clean and cold. It almost made up for the lack of coffee
Escorting drunk humans out of the bar is different from going up against a tiger-wildcat who eats raw steak for breakfast and is dying for a fight." "I bet he could win with just his breath," Ronan said. Sean chuckled. "Take it seriously, Ronan. These guys are seasoned. If Marquez has a champion, it means he's won a good share of the fights
Instead, I stare straight ahead like I'm deeply interested in what's going on at the front of the room. Eventually, we make it through to the part where everyone stands up and says their little piece. Some have a longer, more in depth story to tell, which terrifies me. I don't want anyone to ask me for my story
Recall our encounter with the warbirds at the Federation border. Confirm my memory with yours.” She turned Seren to face her. They placed their foreheads together as when they meditated together. They held hands beneath the surface of the water. They closed their eyes. “There were five warbirds at the border
I was so happy to see him that I almost sobbed his name. Eli stiffened and let out a hiss. “Mohiri!” Fear crept into his voice, and my dazed mind wondered what on earth scared a vampire. Nikolas chuckled, and I felt a tremor run through my captor. “I see there is no need for introductions
"Come on, baby girl," Mary Jo said, scooping up the toy, then bending to retrieve her daughter. "Let me change your diaper and put you down for a couple of hours." "She sleeps that long?" "Almost every afternoon. She still takes a morning nap, too, but she'll outgrow those pretty soon." Lori knew she had a lot to learn about babies
I would really like to have some time with my mom." Lucien groaned inwardly. How could he say no to that? Julia was grieving for her mate and at a loss on how to deal with her daughter. Now Jaeden actually wanted to speak to her mom... he would be an ogre if he said no. He gave a quick nod and ignored the grateful smile she threw him before her and her mother ambled out of the room together
If Demerzel has the ability to change minds, he has to do so without bringing about side effects he does not wish-and since he is the Emperor's First Minister, the side effects he must worry about are numerous, indeed." "And the application to the present case?" "Think about it! You can't tell anyone-except me, of course-that Demerzel is a robot, because he has adjusted you so that you can't. But how much adjustment did that take? Do you want to tell people that he is a robot
I leaned out the window and pointed at Floyd’s hearing aid. Floyd dug the hearing aid out of his ear and made an adjustment. “Sorry,” he said, screwing it back in. “Blasted thing was turned off.” “What happened to Chester?” “Shot in the head’s what happened to Chester
‘Well I don’t know why, Nellie showed it to me many times. It has heaps of her poems and short stories in it; mostly girlie stuff though, which is why she obviously didn’t bother showing you. Strange that she left it to you though, I can’t imagine you would enjoy it very much. ‘Are you sure it is the same book
"We'll wait for you, Daddy," Izzy said, snuggling up to Annie. Nick pressed the book into Izzy's hands and hurried out of the room. He came back a few minutes later, looking solemn. Annie felt a prickling of fear. She sat up straighter, leaning forward. "Nick?" He eased back into the bed, on the other side of Izzy
"Michael wanted nothing to do with the business for a very long time," the older woman answered. "He had his heart set on being a race-car driver." Maggie's mouth fell open. "What?" "Si. He was very good, though my heart stopped every time he went out on the track. No matter how many times his papa and I tried to discourage him, he found a way back on the track
A cowboy behind her said to break up a cheese slice and mush it down in the mixture. Sarah took a slice of cheese to do just that. Sarah and Tess sat at one of the large tables with other guests. Everyone talked and laughed, while eating lunch. It seemed a happy group. Dale watched from the back to make sure all was well and to get another look at Sarah
Brayden's face was a mix of incredulity and disappointment when I told him I had to leave. "But you just... I mean..." It was a rare moment of speechlessness for him. "I'm sorry," I said earnestly. "Especially after being late and ruining the museum. But it's a family emergency." "Your family has an awful lot of emergencies
"Thank you," Liz says, her sweaty face going into my neck. "I'm so tired." "As soon as this is over, you can sleep. I promise." "Okay." She says softly. The doctor walks in and sits down at the end of the bed. "Are you ready for this, Liz
Olaf slapped the boy real hard. Bob was momentarily stunned. Olaf then started yelling at him about calling him without permission unless it was emergency. The boy mumbled something crying at the same time. Bob got closer through the woods and stepped on a branch that cracked. Both Olaf and the boy heard it and walked towards Bob
Instead, its twin towers, now horizontal so as to appear like walkways, loomed over the deck of the Hercules, and the black ship stopped impossibly quickly, its movement suddenly halted. No one moved for a moment and the two ships sat there, doing nothing. Then Lucius saw a movement near the top of the mighty warship as the hooked walkways descended downwards, until they reached down from the deck of the black vessel to the deck of the Hercules
She kisses me again. "Oh-kay!" Jen whistles. "Can we go now? I don't wanna break up the lovey-dovey show goin' on, but I have shopping to do." I laugh and release Lexy, wrapping a friendly arm around Jen's shoulders. "Oh, how dull my life would be without you, Jen
His smile widened. “I’ll keep it a secret.” “Thank you.” “Can you play?” “Grace taught me how to play Chopsticks.” “It’s a good place to start.” He tapped his card on the table. “I’ll think I’ll take another look at the piano
Now, they were opening cans of pork & beans and eating them cold. As to why they didn't heat them up first, it took some prying but Lucas finally admitted that there had been a bit of an accident when they had used the stove and it had caught on fire. The ship was fine but they weren't sure about the stove
I wasn't interested in helping, because I knew it was hopeless. Carla was six feet into a snowdrift almost as tall as my head, and we didn't even have a shovel. I just stood in the road next to the Duke, wiping the wisp of wet hair sticking out under my hat. "Sorry," I said to the Duke
She doesn’t like to talk about it.” Sara looked at Joshua. “Give her time,” he said gently. “It’s only been a few months.” As they reached Sara’s street, he stopped, pulled her into his arms, and held her for a moment. “I really, really like you, Sara
“But I can be anything you want.” Kim and Izzy rolled their eyes. What a character. From his scruffy jeans and threadbare T-shirt, he obviously liked to dress down. Was it to draw attention to his looks or deflect them? I tugged hard and forced him to release my hand. Ignoring him, I gave my attention to Kim
the boy said, looking proud of every word. "Go on, James," the boy behind him said. Some of the other boys had already headed into the showers and James had been too busy warning Toby. James gave Toby a long dark look then turned and walked on. A moment later Toby followed the boy in front of him into the showers
Twice Jeremy managed to avoid cars spinning out of control, and the number of vehicles that littered the roads was unreal. She was probably just as tired and worn out from being tense. A little after six, she left a note in the room and trudged her way through the snow to the truck stop’s restaurant and ordered dinner-to-go for both of them. As she opened the motel room’s door, she called, “Hey, Jeremy
so i do not have to tell you the pressures of doing business.” “pardon me?” “i said, you own your own store –” the pop of a microphone saved us all from oblivion. i hadn’t given much thought to where Chester Springs had been this whole time. unsolicited question answered by his voice. rich and buttery, pouring generously through a pair of speakers
Dylan of the Shed, you are named Guardian of the Portal, do you accept this Quest to protect the portal?” “I guess.” “Do you?” Btolomy boomed. “I do,” he said and could feel his Dad’s eyes on him. “Connor of the Shed, you too have been named. Do you accept this Quest to protect the portal
"Clear as a bell," she said with more than a little sarcasm. "So where are Mr. Zellerbach and the RV?" "In Syracuse, New York, of course." She frowned. "Enlighten me." " `Hart's erroneous comedy.' " "That tells you he's in Syracuse
We only want to talk to you.” Ishmael briefly wondered who lied, the soldier or the President, or perhaps neither, but he reached up, pulled down the lever and crawled through the vanes. The razor sharp fan blades slowed until he could count them; five. There would be enough space to crawl between when they were stopped
I used to give Asher and Trevor a hard time about the way they acted when they both met their one...now I knew. I would die for Lilly; she was amazing, beautiful, and kind, and made me want to be a better person. My phone rang from my pocket, bringing me out of my thoughts. I pulled it out, expecting it to be Lilly
Ellen asked him. "Yes, indeed," Mark said. "Several." "Have you ever made a list?" "I can't say I have, Ellen. Do you recommend it?" "Oh, yes," Ellen returned seriously. "It's helpful if you have a real list
The second biker had dismounted and was hanging his helmet on the handlebars of his motorcycle when he caught sight of Joran. Without breaking eye contact, he walked up to Joran’s table. “Cigarette for me?” Long asked. Joran hesitated before pulling the pack of cigarettes from his shirt pocket and shaking one loose for Long. Long lit the cigarette and took a slow drag on it without ever taking his eyes off of Joran
The bat's gums were pulled back over his teeth in a snarl. "I do not take orders from you, Overlander. Let us be clear on this from the start. I do not take orders from you!" "Whoa!" said Gregor, startled by Ares's intensity. "What's your problem?" "My problem is that at this moment, you are reminding me a great deal of Henry," said Ares
They just would have argued with me about it like they always do. And then, when I didn't eat my lunch? Well, you would have thought that I'd tried to jump out the window. I'm upset, and I have every right to be upset. When I get upset, I don't eat
She and Zach were covered in dust and sweat when Helen found them. "Wow, Lexi! You rock." Lexi groaned at the bad pun. Helen surveyed the work, which was nearly complete. "How did you do this?" Lexi shrugged. "Don't know." "It's her gift," said Zach
"That’s what I said, and I meant it," Bob answers. "Think of something else." Greg says. He turns around in the front seat to look at Skinner squirm. "Maybe a gentle rain or taking a cold shower..." More laughter erupts from his friends. There’s nothing more amusing to a bunch of boys than watching one of them squirm
"We could go back,"I suggested weakly. "Tel them their magical road thingie didn't work for us." But Jenna shook her head. "It can't be that bad,"she muttered. "We could try to go together,"I said. "I think we'd both fit, and that way, if we end up transported to another dimension or morphed into a wal , at least we'd have company
His gentle voice did me in. Tears seeped from my eyes. I had to make them stop. Big, bad werewolf hunters did not cry. Petite, blond girlie-girls did. They also got their families murdered before their eyes while powerless to do anything about it. I was no longer that girl; I was the hunter
"If you wanted me to have a happy birthday, you'd come over to my party. " "Your party," I repeated flatly. "Yeah, remember? Andrea invited you?" I remembered. I'd been thinking about it every day this week. "I didn't think I was still invited
I'd have felt sorry for her if my own nerves hadn't been stretched to the breaking point. We said nothing for a while. Mum looked out the window again. "So I'm a ruby," I said. "Those are red, aren't they?" Mum nodded. "And what gemstone is Charlotte?" "She isn't one," said Mum
More and more creepy zombie- looking ghosts would reach out of the waters to try and grab onto the boat. The boat came to a stop at a dock leading up to a giant circular black platform with giant black pillars sticking up around the sides. “Well, this is your stop, the Soulkeeper’s Passageway,” said the boat guide. Shortly, Muri and Joe were standing in the center of the giant platform
The whole mechanism looked rather like a combined television and video player might look, if it had been invented and built three hundred years ago by Sir Isaac Newton. Which was, more or less, exactly what it was. "Watch," said Door. She placed the wooden ball onto a platform. Lights shone through the machine and into the ball
Mike drove for fear that Jake was so nervous he would get another ticket before he got to the driver’s licensing facility. He walked with Jake into the building and stood beside him as he presented his form to the official. “How long do I have to finish the test?” Jake asked nervously. The official looked at his form and input his driver’s license number into the computer and asked, “What test
I'm just used to working, so me not working is messing with my head. I love being home with both the kids, but..." she trails off, shaking her head. "But what?" I ask when her face pales slightly. "Um...I...it's nothing." She shakes her head again and I know it's not nothing
In the diagram, he pinched to the left of him, where the ground would be, and pulled up a trail of yellow that formed itself into a seat. Argus watched as a small hatch opened up from the floor. An outline of the chair was imprinted in light, the seat and the back drawn into space by blue lasers. A tiny black cloud made of nanomachines streamed out of the hatch
all crazy if you think I'll pose as a Krull refugee to do your bidding,' said Luke. After all I heard tonight I'll be looking to save my own sweet self before I'll be looking to help you ladies capture any walled cities.' `You're not thinking clearly, Luke, honey,' said Casilevatates. `Let me remind you why you're going to masquerade as a Krull refugee
Now seemed like as terrible a time as any to trade out my worries that Gregory had somehow found out about the Garzas – or the vain hope that Zach could bring himself to lie to a Gardener about it if asked – for some brand new anxiety. Gregory might have been good only for repeating Thorn, but the High Gardener was smart. "Thorn wants to speak to you himself. He asked for my best," said Gregory
Bryn smirked as she said loudly, “Have a nice day.” Kayla’s step did not even falter. She just continued walking toward the door. Bryn nudged Nicole and whispered, “Say something.” Nicole looked confused, but eventually said, “Have a nice day.” Kayla turned her head a little as she said, “You too
I just need to grab my things and we can go." She took another step back and bumped into a body. "Chloe, sorry," she said as she glanced over her shoulder. "No biggie." She pinched Addie in the back, a clear signal she wanted an introduction. "Trent, this is my cousin, Chloe